they forged a conspiracy you don't have
the discipline to commit a murder and
get away with it let's see to commit the
perfect crime
let's deranged the world we will
they devised the plan
we're dealing with the secondary crime
scene here to get away with murder
karna said strangulation is slow perhaps
the victim is being tortured welcome
home
it's only gonna get worse I warned you
they conceived the game no fingerprints
no murder weapon
they'll have their work cut out for them
to mislead her investigation no prints
off the girls skin killer must have been
wearing gloves he doesn't fit the
profile profile doesn't fit the profile
and now I ask you a couple questions
sure you tell her anything about us when
she gets too close I need to work up
profiles on these kids look for juvie
record stop their teachers or friends if
any they must teach her I think these
kids did this I think they're not even
hiding it I want to prove this smarter
than we have the number of way wanna
blow your brains out I'm gonna make it
look like a suicide
you're gonna be executed who died well
bang you're dead you're getting way too
involved in this they have nothing
there's nothing on me is this still a
mess again just one last thing to do
with our home free Sandra Bullock
murder by numbers